 Salesperson: May i help you sir ??
 Customer:  Yes, I was looking for phone to buy
 Salesperson: Ok , you have come to the right place
Do you already have anything in mind ??
 Sent at 3:49 PM on Tuesday
 Customer:  not exactly!, I have just seen the advertaisements of Nokia Lumia.
Could you suggest me any better phones?
 Salesperson: Ok . Nokia Lumia is a great phone
It has lots of models also
Can i know your budget ??
 Customer:  don't care about money  :-)
consider it a an unrestricted budget
 Salesperson: What features are you looking for
and what are ur feature priority
??
 Customer:  well, I am a wild life photographer.
 Salesperson: Oh thats nice
 Customer:  so having a good camera will be my first priority.
 Salesperson: Ok i will keep that in mind
 Customer:  also it needs to have a good battery life
since i roam around in the jungle, a GPS would help me a lot in locating myself.
other than that nothing much 
but
having more and more features is always better
 Sent at 3:59 PM on Tuesday
 Salesperson: ok considering your requirements i will suggest you some phones
 Customer:  okay ?
 Salesperson: There is Nokia Lumia 1520
Google Nexus 6
and Samsung Note 4
All of them meets your requirement to a great extent ??
 Customer:  can you compare them for me with respect to my requirements
 Salesperson: Sure .
 Sent at 4:03 PM on Tuesday
 Salesperson: Camera wise , Lumia wins here
It has a really good 20Mp camera
while Nexus has 13Mp and Note 4 sport a 16Mp camera
However all of them has HD recording
 Sent at 4:06 PM on Tuesday
 Salesperson: But again the video resolution is better in nexus and note when compared to lumia
 Sent at 4:07 PM on Tuesday
 Customer:  How about the OS? i have heard Lumia sucks compared to Android
 Salesperson: ABSOLUTELY NOT ! Its a myth rather than a fact .
 Sent at 4:09 PM on Tuesday
 Salesperson: I myself have a lumia and it can do everything a Android phone do
The Windows OS in Lumia is really Userfriendly and the UI is better than Android .
 Customer:  Oh that is good to know
But, Could you elaborate on the GPS aspect.
 Sent at 4:12 PM on Tuesday
 Salesperson: GPS wise all are same .
 Sent at 4:14 PM on Tuesday
 Salesperson: Lumia by default has a HERE map where as other two has Google maps.
 Sent at 4:15 PM on Tuesday
 Salesperson: Considering the fact you won't be getting network always , i suggest to go with lumia here . The HERE maps works really well when you are offline
You can Navigate and search without any problem
 Customer:  that is good.
 do u think i would need to consider any other feature?
 Salesperson: Battery life as you mentioned earlier
in that case again i suggest Nokia Lumia
 Sent at 4:18 PM on Tuesday
 Salesperson: It has a 3400mAh battery , with 27hrs talktime
and 760hrs standby time
 Sent at 4:20 PM on Tuesday
 Salesperson: whisch is better than other two .
Sir , are you confused , you are taking time to reply ??
 Customer:  oh sorry i was just having coffee
so, Lets come to a conclusion.
If u were in my place what would u buy?
 Salesperson: Ok , no problem'
Considering our discussion till now , Its cleary Nokia lumia 1520
 Customer:  Thank you for your support
I am obliged.
Can you book a Nokia Lumia 1520 for me?
 Salesperson: Sure
I am happy that i could help you .
Here is your Lumia .
You can pay at the counter .
Thank you and have a nice day .
